DOCS-2723: Update introduction page with new features (#1670)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/checkout/payment-components/_index.md

aliases:
    - /tools/credit-card-component/
---
Payment Components let you embed payment methods directly into your checkout. 

- Create a seamless checkout experience to increase [conversion](/getting-started/glossary/#conversion-rate)
- Encrypt customer payment details for secure processing
- Shift responsibility for [PCI DSS compliance](/faq/general/multisafepay-glossary/#payment-card-industry-data-security-standard-pci-dss) to MultiSafepay
- Customize the component interface to match your brand's visual identity

{{< screen src="/gifs/credit-card-component.gif" alt="Credit Card Component" align="center" class="medium-img" screen_size="desktop" >}}

## Payment methods

> Embed a single payment method or multiple methods, which are automatically sorted by availability in the customer's country. 

Reviewer: They're filtered by availability and sorted by popularity

Author: ```suggestion
Embed a single payment method or multiple methods, which are automatically filtered by availability in the customer's country and sorted by popularity. 
```

> The customer completes payment within your checkout or is redirected to the [issuer's](/getting-started/glossary/#issuer) payment page. 

Reviewer: Currently, this still holds, but soon customers aren't redirected only to issuers e.g. PayPal.

Author: ```suggestion
The customer completes payment within your checkout or is redirected to the relevant [payment page](/getting-started/glossary/#payment-page). 
```

Author: @Kris-MultiSafepay Does this future-proof it better?
